add ContentFilteredTopic example. (#341)
ros2/examples: rclcpp/topics/minimal_subscriber/README.md

 * `static_wait_set_subscriber.cpp` uses a `rclcpp::StaticWaitSet` to wait and poll for data
 * `time_triggered_wait_set_subscriber.cpp` uses a `rclcpp::Waitset` and a timer to poll for data
   periodically

>  * `content_filtering.cpp` uses a ROS 2 ContentFilteredTopic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `content_filtering.cpp` used the content filtering feature for Subscriptions
```

I don't believe we have a `ContentFlitleredTopic` class or anything like that.

>  * `content_filtering.cpp` used the content filtering feature for Subscriptions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `content_filtering.cpp` uses the content filtering feature for Subscriptions
```

The following examples `wait_set_subscriber.cpp`, `static_wait_set_subscriber.cpp` and `time_triggered_wait_set_subscriber.cpp` show how to use a subscription in a node using a `rclcpp` wait-set.
This is not a common use case in ROS 2 so this is not the recommended strategy to  use by-default.
This strategy makes sense in some specific situations, for example when the developer needs to have more control over callback order execution, to create custom triggering conditions or to use the timeouts provided by the  wait-sets.   

> The following example `content_filtering.cpp` show how to use ROS 2 ContentFilteredTopic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example `content_filtering.cpp` shows how to use the content filtering feature for Subscriptions.
```
